1. Select all rows from the table with shippers.
2. Select the first 3 rows from the table with employees.
3. Select all first names, last names, birthdays from the employee table in the following order: BirthDate, FirstName, LastName, limit the number of rows into 3.
4. Select the first and last names of employees born in 1958.
5. Select all products with a price between 23 and 25.
6. Select products with the lowest price.
7. Select products with the highest price.
8. Select all products with Unit '10 pkgs.'.
9. Select the addresses of suppliers who live in one of the cities: Tokyo, Frankfurt, Osaka.
10. Select the name of the products starting with the letter “G”, which have a price higher than 37.
11. Select a list of countries starting with S and consisting of 5 letters, which have suppliers.
12. Select the sum of all products that contain ”od” in the name; name the column Summ.
13. Select the average amount of products supplied in bottles, rounding up to 2 decimal places; name the column Summ.
14. Select the number of customers who do NOT live in France and Germany; name the column Countt.
15. Select the names of employees born after 01/01/1968. Sort result by name.
16. Select the names of products that have Price = 13 or 15 and sort in ascending order; use the Select commands with the union of the results through UNION.
17. Select the names of products with the third letter m in the name and the names of their suppliers.
18. Select the last names and first names of the employee who placed the order on 1996-11-27 (write a query in two ways: via INNER Join, and using a subquery).
19. Select all products with supplier "Grandma Kelly's Homestead" and price > 27. As a result, display 3 columns: Product, Supplier, Price.
20. Select the total quantity of the product 'Queso Cabrales' (name the column Summ) sent to all customers (write a query in two ways: via INNER Join, and using a subquery).
21. Select all orders that have been sent to "Ekergatan 24" with their customers and employees. As a result, display 3 columns - order ID, customer name, employee first name, employee last name.
22. Transform the previous query so that the same data is displayed in 3 columns - combine LastName and FirstName from Employees into one column separated by a space and name it EmployeeName (2 LEFT JOINS).
23. Select all products contained in orders in 1997 with less than 5 letters in the title. As a result, output OrderID, OrderDate, ProductName.
24. Select the names of products and their categories that are used in orders from a customer named Blondel père et fils and whose categories consist of at least 2 words.
25. Select the number of customers (name the column Buyers) who ordered one of the products: "Queso Cabrales", "Gustaf's Knäckebröd", "Louisiana Fiery Hot Pepper Sauce", "Schoggi Schokolade", "Gnocchi di nonna Alice".